e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\CompresJSON.dll.config
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\CompresJSON.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\CompresJSON.pdb
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\obj\Debug\CompresJSON.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\obj\Debug\CompresJSON.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\obj\Debug\CompresJSON.pdb
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\CompresJSON.dll.config
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\CompresJSON.dll
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\CompresJSON.pdb
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\obj\Debug\CompresJSON.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\obj\Debug\CompresJSON.dll
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\obj\Debug\CompresJSON.pdb
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\CompresJSON.dll.config
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\CompresJSON.dll
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\CompresJSON.pdb
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\obj\Debug\CompresJSON.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\obj\Debug\CompresJSON.dll
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\obj\Debug\CompresJSON.pdb
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Source\GitHub\CompresJSON\CompresJSON\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
